what's up guys decency here and welcome
to a brand-new pink city we're in
powerful this entire trip didn't form
which is cesc fabregas that's a pretty
big one and if you want to seem worried
pink sips make sure to show your support
on this series of the all these videos
by dropping a like rating and also if
you're looking to purchase and cheap and
reliable auto 10 coins then go check out
the thief of shopko WK links are in the
description below as well as this kind
of messy tents get an even better deal
and also if you don't already make sure
to go for me on google+ there'll be a
link in description below as well so
let's go ahead and find an opponent but
before you do start and get into again
then this is henry raucous 2352 liga
BBVA team very strong the back 3 is
ridiculous or Pepe Ramos and Miranda and
the front three trio of benzema do
custom form and assess Fabregas it form
but it's gonna be ridiculous so
hopefully it'll prove to give us a bit
of good luck in there let's jump into
things so here we are guys against Rory
boy 1876 and here's got a really really
really low rated team but I'll there we
go yet rated thank God for that ba he's
got a pretty poor a team let's go and
think they've got my lovely cover here
envy or something hopefully he's gonna
read e up soon there we go no hurry up
please per se okay finally read up in
here we go then it's gotta be poz this
isn't the top right and oh it's a lot
better than I initially thought it would
be applied to face am extremely tired by
the way oh shit arnon go down no oh he's
got a goal really on a meeting Daniel
started of course it is redic it's on
this game that is not the start I wanted
shit I think this guy's controllers
actually turned off I fucking are so I
feel like a genuine asshole I'm gonna
apologize for my goal the guy wasn't I
things controller turned off but I think
I understand were playing in a pink lip
so it's quite an important match chair
because obviously if I lose I lose a
player to hope for your terror and we're
guys and yeah place for that Oh wherever
is inside do Costa although such a lucky
girl the head of though oh all that's of
ridiculous ball fabricators always put
it wide oh my are not positive trait out
to him I'll God days I've shot myself oh
wow as he kicked his own player
oh that is so does ridiculous or Benzema
a super play Fabregas he's put white
again one absolute shitter or as a bit
of room now go and do koske big boy or
dare coaster please do coaster please
dear coaster please day go what's your
name ok Fabregas that's a super bowl
gone benzema please get a go smash boom
31 hopefully as game set and match
that's a route you can attack that's
ridiculous oh what a stole Courtois but
that is the wind fabricators staying our
club and but cousin my first goal I'm
tempted to give him some coins just to
make our factor for like an hour so I'm
making like 20 care so that's not much
but hope he is a decent gestures 31
though Fabregas is staying clean look at
the match facts enter 131 of course and
those pretty amazed the main strategy
matters but overall I don't think I
dominated too much I thought is quite an
even game pro is quite a key to get to
go margin but yes good Gungor given 20 k
so they were having guys there is a 352
team of course unfair guys does stay in
our club so I think we do that the old
snelling thing removed him from the
squad but basically and I'll pre-show on
the screen now or something me by the
player for twenty thousand coins but
yeah I done that because I fuck a bit of
an asshole because the first class
called his control did turn off so
unfortunately as how it goes is a pink
slip so good try your hardest and proud
to be a trihard and the blog said go
from our twitter guys at GCI MSC the
link in the description below that's
where you can play me and stuff at go
full on my Google+ page go plus it and
stuff at help me get verified and stuff
on that would be pretty cool and it make
sure to drop a like that's like one that
was nice to be absolutely awesome your
push morn that'd be it be epic guys and
don't forget to subscribe for Davey 14
content and I will see you guys next
time